New page for component doc (#130)
gsoft-inc/ov-igloo-ui: packages/Modal/README.md

# Modal

> A modal is an interface element that appears over other content and it requires an interaction from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Modal` is an interface component positioned over the page content to put emphasis on new elements. It blocks standard navigation, and requires an interaction from the user to be dismiss.
```
